gh-125887: Update PyObject_HasAttr exception behavior (#125907)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/object.rst

   .. note::

      Exceptions that occur when this calls :meth:`~object.__getattr__` and

>       :meth:`~object.__getattribute__` methods are aren't propagated,
>       but instead given to :func:`sys.unraisablehook`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      :meth:`~object.__getattribute__` methods aren't propagated,
      but instead given to :func:`sys.unraisablehook`.
      For proper error handling, use :c:func:`PyObject_HasAttrWithError`,
      :c:func:`PyObject_GetOptionalAttr` or :c:func:`PyObject_GetAttr` instead.      
```
